
1
User Manual Rubric  
DEPENDENCIES The Manual clearly 
identifies all the 
needed 
dependencies of the 
project. 
(4) 
The Manual identifies 
needed 
dependencies of the 
project. 
 
(3) 
The Manual 
identified a couple 
the dependencies of 
the project. 
 
(2) 
The Manual 
identified one the 
dependencies of the 
project. 
 
(1) 
The Manual is 
missing this section 
or didn’t identify any 
of the dependencies. 
 
(0) 
USE  
 
Structure 
The Manual clearly 
describes the user 
interface structure 
and functionality. 
 
 
(3) 
The Manual describes 
the user interface 
structure and 
functionality. 
 
 
(2) 
The Manual describes 
an aspect of the user 
interface structure 
and functionality. 
 
 
(1) 
The Manual is 
missing this section 
or doesn’t describes 
the user interface 
structure and 
functionality. 
(0) 
 
 
Visual Aids 
All images are well-
labeled and 
accompany the 
instructions. The 
images make the 
instructions clear and 
easy to follow.  
(3) 
Most of the images 
are well- labeled and 
accompany the 
instructions.  
 
 
 
(2) 
Some images are 
included with the 
instructions, but they 
are not clear, well-
labeled, or connected 
to the text.  
 
(1) 
No images are 
included in the 
instructions. The 
document is text 
only. 
 
 
(0) 
ADMINISTRATION 
AND MAINTENANCE 
 The Manual provides 
detailed 
administrative tasks 
and information to 
maintain the project 
as well as ways to 
enhance/extend the 
project. 
(3) 
The Manual provides 
some administrative 
tasks and information 
to maintain the 
project and ways to 
enhance/extend the 
project. 
 
(2) 
The Manual provides 
administrative tasks 
and information to 
maintain the project 
or ways to 
enhance/extend the 
project, but not both 
 
(1) 
The Manual is 
missing this section 
or didn’t provide 
significant 
information. 
 
 
 
(0) 
 